three hours it took the virus
my home to infect volleyball
billion computers around
the world, he increased mail traffic
five times because of this
at the end of January 2004, it dropped sharply
Internet speed
what preinstalled the virus but
tens of thousands of kilometers
on the team I will go match okay
simultaneously from all infected machines
first team to send viruses
arrived from the territory of Russia
it is the largest office
diverge significantly
totally primitive stupid
viruses
just the virus just got lucky
he got into a breeding ground
let's say he accidentally infected a computer in
some very large company
the salon sent out a huge amount of syrup
email addresses
and for mailing appeared were used
constantly arriving some of the passengers in
composition slept millions
addresses all
with an existing computer virus
can be divided into several groups boris
dressers
also not sinless by people
they multiply live by their firms
people of life still does not manifest itself as
the rule is the only side effects
Existence
cut free
space on December 2 in addition
which is scary in most cases
fate is indifferent
in the following up to 3 hem are so
called not dangerous viruses and I already
try to declare themselves loudly
be used different sound and
scare physical where text discounts so
for example, there was a role at a certain time
Megan spends some melody
various inscriptions turned over
granberg feet with such data on
computer remain safe and sound
and the program was serving a normal life
work the rest of the gerus you save
anti-virus package standard
shared pests primitive block
posts in the programs were laid
algorithms well what else beat
distorting data of Russian cdm machines
teachers can already run the result
does not work at first
contrary to pests
indifference do not know how to live
to protect yourself enough to update
antivirus software
as it became known that viruses can
only get 20 years after their
the completion of the exhibition will live roads this
only rumors
but sweetly producing such hard drives
this is reality
children often visit unknown Czech virus
and Chernobyl
which 98 99 year rational
microcircuits
and athletically this is possible because
computer hardware but it works under
program management
can the program have been engaged for a long time already
with dolls
lead to destruction same place
it depends only on investors like her
right wrong she
is arranged
computer worms spam tech often
according to her, magera is another
kind of sentence
they are distributed via the Internet
all six cars the next summit on
opinion of the owner send important
information on the islands and
owner of a computer for a long time
infrequently
advertising spammers
created a special not to drink tea and virus
he will take computers
such
lets viewed from your
computer at your expense
without your knowledge
aroused by the infected
computers
which fell on
a wave that was sent by a trail type virus
Trojan horse
percent respectively one
such infected mac computers
the territory came down worth it from one
dollar
Voronezh tons of infected
Computer cents Tarasov concerns that
heard
why me is a big minus
virus creators
the very letter of the computer world but
and among them there is a success hierarchy
mastery of access to someone else's
passport might area using
imperceptible to the bank security service
Assistant waiter Abdrakhmanov gave for
half a year earned a few dozen
million dollars we get rich
helped steven spielberg george soros
tepper 20 and other billionaires
throughout the year he used freely
substances
slightly lower in computer calculations
from the network starts to steal names and
passwords
thanks all the judges can
walking around the internet
at the bottom
computer is located
hooligans
they create viruses causing
senseless and harmful it sin against
periodically
board programmers try their hand
but it was not because it was
posad increased by 0 2
The ball could because the general was in many ways
on the fact of murder in the case of a new show pop up
there was some
feel proud
madrid russian professionals bust
writer
about 30
marital status married have children
officially zanetti
in the body less systemic
administrator
watch services by an elephant
ns
sold rock
penetration into something computer network
he is like his means
but such a virus on the street
can not find n in the computer bath
antivirus
if such a virus tour only fall in
common husband failure because
and the main task is to ensure that such a service is not
will multiply it will just be quiet
sitting in the computer and send information
here from
I want cats
writer profitable for so much technology
Russian spies customers pay
big money
besides it is a good advertisement even if
you will be caught
Abroad
although received from the hands for the creation
powerful virus
by the time of release from prison will receive
simple shifts